What is going on Zamalka Markson out in this video feed will be working with all the Amadeo.
OK.
So this video is going to be so amazing because we're going to learn every day rebuilder Madill and
this because it is really very important to understand everything that DV offers.
OK.
So I just wanted to show you how professional web sites are built.
You guys know how Hetter works how blurbed model works how Call to Action works How about and works
how these blurbed works.
And these reviews and everything.
So I tried my best to explain each and everything but obviously when we are creating a website we do
not use everything.
OK so I'm going to explain you everything that comes of it the TV builder module so that it looks good.
And that's all.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all I have to just go to Ray here and I want to create a page so I'm just going to create a
page in there and I'm going to name that page as all muddy fields.
OK.
All modules.
So here in this page we're basically going to be working with
all the modules of the Dewey.
So I'm just going to go there and I'm going to hit publish and you can see this page is going to be
published.
Now I'm going to go to the builder.
And now here we're going to be working out for the builder and we're going to move forward.
I'm just going to hit the builder.
I'm going to use visual builder and it's going to take us to that page where we can and it did.
So let's go to the first of all we need to start up the full width and then we're going to be working
a bit more simultaneously.
OK.
So here let's come here and you can see the full width.
So you guys already know about the full width code here what you can do.
You can add anything that you want to add in a contact so you can add anything like HVM code so you
can pretty well just get any HDMI code.
If I just read each slider each t male.
OK.
And here it is
and it's going to come here I'm going to copy all this.
OK.
So if I just copy
everything from here and copy it I come here and I paste it you'll see a slideshow is coming like this.
OK.
So this is the slide show that is working.
So you can pretty well at any of the each TNL code in this if you want to.
But since we're not here for coding I think that we will not be moving up with this.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and I'm going to delete this section.
Now let's come here and let's come here again and let's get in here with the full.
So we have the full header.
We have already designed the full width header on that home page the full length image for the same.
Ok what you have to do you have to just here the bag you just have to just come here to the image.
OK let's upload and let's upload to you can upload any image.
If I just uploaded and then I had upload image you can see this is just the image that is coming and
you cannot add anything else if you want to upload any image you can upload that image and that's all
that you can do anything.
So that is why this is a useless function that DV has added.
OK.
I'm sorry but he says they use this function but some of the Web sites uses this.
If you are creating a photography based Web site then you have to show some images full of images then
you can go with that.
So I think it is cool.
OK.
And then we have the full width map.
We have also used this full with mabbe on the Contact page so we don't have to use it again.
Let's just say delete again.
Let's come here and let's come here to the fullest OK.
And then we have the full width menu.
You can show the full width menu if you want to.
You can see the menu one is coming right here and if I choose it you can see this menu is coming up
pray here so you can just design this menu.
You can come here to the bar Krown you can design it.
You can see how you want to design it.
You can design it too if I just change it's like here you can see.
And then I go to the design right here.
I go to the lengths Ray here and then I can make the colors actively colors are going to be this my
dropdown menu color my mobile menu color and I can go over the text colors and text colors basically
going to be a light.
You can see how this is looking and then I go here I go to the layout.
You can see some menu opens downward.
Make menu links full.
So the menu links will be full.
If you want to do it.
OK.
And then we have the menu text you can change how you want the menu text size to be so you can increase
it to create and manage it.
OK I'm going to come here and you can how must somehow manage the sizing of this.
You can decrease the size of this and you can see how this menu is looking to get a line to center as
well.
OK.
So this is basically called a full manual if you want to create a full with menu.
You can create it.
Let's come here.
Let's the selected and let's just basically come here to the full it again and then we have the full
support for you.
I'm going to show you portfolio later on in the upcoming video because we have a complete section for
portfolio and portfolios are important in explaining what portfolio is and everything.
Okay.
And then we have the full report slider.
So you can just add this how this ball slider is going to come in that if you have a blog post then
this is how the post slider will appear.
OK.
It is going to show all the post-edit you have in your blog.
And this is how they're going to appear so you can see that I have the full with the hello world post.
OK.
This is how it is working if I have so many posts in my blog.
You guys already know about how blog works.
OK so I don't have to tell you again.
The featured image will be the background image since we have no featured image that is why this is
coming.
Then here is the title here is by 10 Ziller am on this post and then we have the date that category
we have and the common as well.
And then here is the excerpt that is coming in then here is the read more.
But and so this is how you can work.
You can add the full cost if you want to.
OK so let's come here down below.
And let's Hedman more.
I'm going to go down in here and have the full post title so I can add a post title if I want to you
can come.
You can see here the Amadeo that is coming and bite and zeal.
I can come here to the elements I can remove this if I don't want to show this.
Mean I can show the matter if I want to.
I can show the author I can disable the otter.
And this is how I can add the full posts in and you can see this is below titled as above.
Title and everything like this.
So I'm just going to come in here and I'm going to hit delete and let's come here and tell you this
as well so you can show the full with tail but I don't think so.
If this is much important.
OK and then the last we have is the full slider.
So this is basically use as the exception for Hetter if you don't.
If you want to add a slider instead of a header you can do that how you will do that.
You just have to come here.
You just have to come here and you basically have to add the images to make sure that your images are
of the same size and telling you again do not add the multiple times images.
Make sure that your images are the same size.
So let me come here and you can see I have a new slide right here.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the backroom and here in the backroom.
I want to select any image so let's suppose I select a gradient effect first.
OK this is a gradient effect that I have right now and I'm just going to come here and I'm going to
go to the text right here.
So let's say the text right here and this will be this is my slider heading OK.
And then I have the button.
So burden go is here.
OK.
And then I have the content.
So I have to enter content
goes here.
OK this is out as you can see.
This is looking pretty amazing.
OK.
That I can work with the design I can add overlay if I have any image you can see I can add a background
overlay to this I can add a text overlay found want to see you can see how this is.
I can.
I can make pretty well change.
You can see I can make it a little bit more darker from one two and I can see how this is so I want
to just make it a little bit more here.
So this is visible so you can see this is my first I'm just going to come here and it's going to disable
this and you could see how this is I can just go to the image I can go to the text I can make some changes
I can give some batting I can give some line height so that this does not stick here.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to add the line Heidi you can see how this line height is working
OK.
So I'm like this.
I'm going to come here and make sure that you just come here and then you get it.
So you just get it you can see two sliders are right here.
I'm just going to come here in the next Slider.
I'm going to add instead of the background image that creates an effect.
I'm going to add a background image.
I'm going to come here I'm going to choose any image right here.
So let's suppose if I choose this image I'm going to hit upload image.
You can see if I just come here this is my slider heading you can see how this slider is looking.
The slider is looking so amazing.
I can also choose the parallax effect.
So you can see if I just move this you can see how this image is moving.
But I will not use this on the slider because on slider it doesn't look much better.
So now I'm going to come back again.
I'm just going to duplicate it and duplicate it so I can choose pretty more images.
I'm going to go from here.
I'm going to choose a different image right here for this image.
I'm going to choose this image.
I'm going to choose it.
OK.
And then I come here we can see how it's going to look.
This burden is not appearing so if this is not appearing I'm going to go to the design right here I'm
going to go to the background overlay and I'm going to apply it so you can see this is also coming totally
ok.
I'm going to come here I'm going to go to this one for it's one I'm going to go to the background right
here and I'm going to choose a different name.
So I'm going to choose this image right here.
OK.
Let's upload and let's go to this image.
Let's click here.
And you can see this is how it is looking so if it doesn't work you can change the color of the button.
And if you want to add an overlay You can also add the overall layer.
So this is also looking pretty well.
OK let's come here.
Let's go back here and let's to choose the last one.
OK.
Let's come here to the background so you have two in the back room you have to add the background image
I'm going to add this one right here.
Let's upload image.
Let's go to the design and let's go to the overlay and I'm going to add in an overlay right here.
So this is visible to me.
OK if you want to make this overlayed much brighter then you can also show that I'm just going to come
here and you can see this is full black.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to decrease this a bit.
So this is visible to me.
OK.
This is how it is looking.
I'm going to click here and you can see how amazing this slider is going to look.
See it yourself guys see it yourself how amazing this slider is looking.
OK so you can build slider instead of the home head or if you want to add a slider as well.
OK.
So but but one thing that you have to keep focus on is that you have to focus on the concentrate here.
If I just add one more than you can see the slider is the slider sizes change.
And if I just come here you can see this slider size it's coming perfectly here come in perfectly here
and coming perfectly here.
OK.
So this is so this is totally OK if I just add more Condon I'm going to come here I'm going to paste
it here so you can see that this my slider size is increased and again see that now everything is totally
OK.
So this slider is looking perfectly OK.
You can pretty well do anything but this slider.
OK.
You can you can edit it as well from here.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to come here and I'm going to delete everything from here.
So here we go.
You can see it the slider has managed it's used now.
So if you want to manage this whole slider You can also manage it you can just come here you can go
to the elementary here.
You can also just show arrows you can hide the heroes if you don't want to show ID.
If you want to do if you're not if you don't want to show the arrows and if you want to hide the controls
you can also hide the controls so you can see how the controls are hidden.
Then we have the background so we don't have to add anything in the background.
We have the design we have the layout I have the text you have the title text and then we have the spacing
right here.
So is this.
This defines that how much spacing you want from the top so if I wanted to more spacing I can add some
more spacing.
OK.
You can see how the spacing is increase.
So I have added 5:55 from all the sites so if I just add like 200 pixels from both sides.
Or just said 500 pixels from 500.
Sorry not not from the right but from the bottom 500.
So you can see the slider is so much bigger.
So this is how we have to manage it.
Everything OK.
You can also bring your slider to the home page if you want to as well.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit close so you can see this is how my slider is looking
right now.
Let's go to the design.
Let's go to the sizing and you can see here you can manage the video of this later.
OK.
Here he can manage the spacing and everything.
We have the water as well.
I have the box shadow filters in animation as well.
So.
So we have a specific new section for the animation so don't worry about it.
OK.
Now let's go ahead and let's add a new thing.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to go to regular because we are too lead on the full video.
I'm going to come here to the regular And you can see.
Now here we want to add the full width.
OK.
So first of all we have to work with the accordion but his accordion you'll be working up the audio
bar counters blog player plop button and everything.
So let's come here to the accordion.
And here we go.
OK what I have to do I have to just add here to enter the title so here it will be my title.
OK.
And then here would be myself to Demi Condon.
So I'm just going to come here I'm going to click here.
I'm going to go from here to Lipscombe dot com slash feed slash H.T. and Mail.
OK.
I'm going to copy this and I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it OK.
Let's come here.
Let's collect this and let's get it so you can see how this accordion works.
This is exactly as same as like dad but if I just come here and I open this up you can see this is now
close.
This is our accordion.
Accordion is a new version of that thing that we added in the conduct section.
So if you want a first one to always open you can also add that to open so you can pretty well fake
news in here like the first one will be always open and if someone clicks your you can see the second
one is being open so you can create a fake news with this like here you can enter a question.
And then here he can enter that.
So if I just come here I just sit there and he can see what if my account is deleted.
OK.
So if someone wants to read it he'll just come here and he'll just read it.
What if his account is deleted so he'll just read it.
That if your account is deleted you have to do blah and blah and your account will be active.
So this is or you can show them.
OK let's come here and let's add a specific news section basically.
So.
OK.
And we need to add a new section here to the regular array here and we need the full width.
So you can basically design them into columns if you want to.
OK.
It totally depends upon you you can design them into columns.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to choose our audio right here and here should be the audio
right here.
So here should be the title right here.
The title would be.
Hello the artist's name is NZL
the album name is book on that that this is the name of the blog that we created I'm going to go to
the audio right here.
I'm going to go to upload and I'm and I need to upload an audio file.
I hope I have any audio file.
OK.
I have it in the music.
I ordered this I just forgot the name.
No no music.
The documents says it's downloads.
And here I think I have it in the music.
Yes.
OK.
So let me add the audio right here.
This is this is being uploaded.
Let this be uploaded and then I'm going to hit upload files so you you can basically upload the audio
if you want to.
And people can listen to songs while just browsing your website.
OK this is also a great way to market OK.
Here it is.
If I just come here and
the
See this is in your help this site is no need to hi slimier.
Love you when you're high is
made and you know
I don't know.
OK so I can just control these volume right here.
I can control this playbook and right here I can move it anywhere around the wall.
But make sure that you just try to keep it normal because don't upload so much audio Otherwise people
will come here.
Listen to all of you and your server would be down so don't just uploaded the audio is not very much
higher.
Instead of the video videos are so big so you can add it if you want to.
Then you go to the design right here and you can move on with this.
I'm just going to come here and if I want to make it the full width I'm going to come here to disarray
here I'm going to go to the design and I'm going to make the sizing to be full.
OK.
And I'm going to come here to the red and I'm going to use it to be once you can see this is coming
right here.
Exactly.
And I'm going to come here and I need to just basically remove these paddings so you can see how you
you can basically make any row exactly how you want it to be
this is our everything is looking here is the pleasure of me me of myself.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to just add a new section right here.
So let's add a new section let's say regular and let's have a full.
So you can pretty well manage them in the column if you want to.
I'm just telling you about how these works you pretty well know that how blurbs and how everything works
how module works how can you apply them and to call them How can you use special section as well so
you know everything.
I don't have to tell you I'm just telling you about D.S. So you guys already know about Ubar counters.
We added that in the About section.
OK.
We have to work in the blog page so in the blog you can pretty well add the post from the blog.
You can call them this is exactly like that OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit OK and then I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit save.
And let's add some of the poetry here so that we can show them right here OK.
I'm going to come here and this is now you can see this is adding a post I'm going to add a hello.
OK.
And hello tansy.
And then I'm going to go down and I'm going to go said the featured image right here.
So you can see I'm going to come here and I'm going to choose any image right here.
This is the featured image.
I'm going to hit publish right now.
Here you can enter obviously the text that you want to add.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit publish again because that was not published thing
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit publish right now and again see this is being published.
So let's wait till this is published and then I'm going to show you how this blog post works.
I'm going to come here I need to upload add some more posts.
Let's add about 45 posts and exposing them to you right now.
I'll be back when I'm done with them.
OK.
So you can see that I have added some poetry here.
I'm going to go to all the models right here.
I'm going to hit Savery now and I'm going to come here and I'm going to refresh this basically.
OK.
So I just saw that my video is so going I'm big.
So I have it just this is the last section that we're doing right now and then I'll stop my video and
then we will move forward in the next video.
OK so let's come here and let this be loaded.
OK.
You can see that.
Now this is how it is looking.
There you can see in the first video we added the recent post of our word processor and now you can
see this is how they are coming.
OK.
This is how the title is coming to read more is coming and everything is coming like here.
So this is how it is.
So you can pretty well manage it if you just come here you can show some only two post if you want to
and you will see that two post will appear.
So you can just dumb include the categories if you just selected only one category will be appear if
you don't select any of the category all the categories will appear so Otterbein would be from New to
all.
It will show the latest post onto the top.
So then we have Otunnu and then we have the title you can also show it by the tidal wave.
And then we have to read more text so you can just add anything in the text bar right here and in can
then display you can show you should not show the full content.
I would recommend you with your slider would go so long and it would be like not good.
OK so make sure that you select the excerpt one you supposed excerpt if defined.
OK.
And then we have automatic Xserve plan.
It is 270 so you can just normalize it to how much you want.
OK.
So this is how this is where you can now go down and you can see this is how these balls start coming.
So if I just come here and I just hit this guy right here and I just come here and I just hit the settings
of this.
So this is how these posts are coming.
You can see how they are looking.
Every post is coming since we have chosen 10 balls numbers that is why there are coming up like this.
OK.
I can do that to be like one and only one Postville be like here.
Coming up break here like here.
I have to I have one.
OK.
I have to choose only one post right here and you will see that only one post is coming in right here.
I'm just going to choose the zero.
So then here you will see all the posts are coming if you choose zero.
OK.
And then I have the date formats.
This is the normal one.
OK.
We have the month and the date and then the year.
So we have the content.
This is said to excerpt make sure that you said it and then we have the opposite number choose how many
posts you will like to offset by so you can choose it.
And then we have the elements.
OK we have the feature that means we have to read more button so if you want to also show the read more
then you can also show them.
OK.
And then we have to show common count so you can also show the common count.
If you want to show it
and there you go.
OK.
And then we have the backdrop so if you want any Bactrim you can also add the back backroom and then
we have the layout so you can make it there how you want the full length are created.
So you guys already know about it.
We also did this very elementary and you can see if you use the creative one then this is how the post
will appear.
So I would highly recommend you to go with the creative one because Redmond looks really amazing.
I basically like the one.
So you can show some post.
OK.
You can show some post in your home page if you want to show you can show them and then you can also
just come here and let's come here to the con then and let's select the top three because we want to
show only the top three balls that are appearing right here.
OK.
Let's go to the design right here and then we have the drop shadow so if you want to show the Tropp
shadow you can also show the drop shadow.
And then we have this older entries.
It will also show the older entries as well.
Hey let's come here let's just say frais here and you can see that if I just click here it's going to
take me back.
And this is the full curve.
So that is coming.
OK.
So it's going to show the next entries that we have right here.
So this is how this works.
Basically I'm going to come here I'm going to hit this and I'm going to go to the real I'm going to
come here to this whole section.
OK.
And I'm going to go to the elements.
So if you don't want to shoot that Beiji nation you can just move that and the P-Diddy lot appear.
OK so you can show full all the balls if you want to you can create a blog based website.
By just doing this you guys already know that how can you show all the balls.
OK.
Yeah you have to just select that.
How many how many balls you want to show.
And then you can show them right here.
OK.
So basically it comes with the blog.
And later on I'll show you that how can you build a blog with the DVH.
So they have a different team for that.
OK.
The elegant teams basically.
I'm just going to come here and now you can see this is totally done.
You can work with text right here.
You can work with the image that how we wanted the image to be.
You can vary the text pagination text so you can vary this as well.
OK.
And then we have the sizing right here.
You can control the vid of this.
We have the spacing right here.
We have the border and we also have the filters and the animation as well.
So now we're totally done with this till this here in the next video we'll be working a bit more.
So stay tuned guys and Buh-Bye.